I'm going to put in all the browned meat
into this
there are juices that collect with your
brown meat put that in as well
they're very good uses you don't want to
leave them out I'll stir the meat so
that it's all mixed in with its red
sauce oops that back in now once the
sauce and the meat have been fried
together like this I'm going to put in
plain yogurt this is six tablespoons of
plain yogurt and I won't put it in all
together because the yogurt to needs to
be fried this is also important so I put
in one tablespoon at a time and try like
so another tablespoon or so and dry
another tablespoon and keep going like
this you should not see the yogurt it
should all be amalgamated in the sauce
otherwise it a turtle alright now I can
put all of this in stir and fry once you
can't see the yogurt anymore
I'm going to put in the water I'm using
ten fluid ounces of water over here stir
the meat and bring it to a simmer and
when it's come to a simmer you cover it
and let it cook on a low heat for about
one and a quarter hours if you want you
can also cook this in the oven for also
one and a quarter hours at 350 degrees
Fahrenheit or gas mark 4 and that's what
I've done I've cooked it in the oven and
I'm going to take it out and see what it
looks like
oof that looks very good this is exactly
what it should look like as you can see
it has a wonderful red color there is a
lot of oil floating around at the top
but you can take this oil out very
easily whether with a spoon I'll show
you how just tilt the pan and take out
the oil like this do you don't have to
take it all out because actually if you
leave a little oil in it gives a very
nice flavor to the dish and then if
there's rather a lot of sauce a good
idea is to take it back to the heat and
on a medium kind of heat you boil down
some of the sauce so you have a thick
sauce that's clinging to the meat that's
really the best kind of Rogan Josh and
when that is done there's just one thing
left I'm going to take a little garam
masala you remember uh I made garam
masala in an earlier program you can
also buy garam masala at any rate
there's a recipe for it in the book that
accompanies the series that you want to
make it yourself so I'm going to take
1/4 TSP of garam masala and that will go
over the top and for good measure lots
of black pepper too black pepper has a
very nice sort of slightly tart taste
which you get only when it's very
freshly ground so I'm going to put that
in as well so here it is Rogan Josh you
can serve it with an Indian bread you
can serve it with Indian rice and what I
like to serve on the side is a dish of
yogurt yogurt with walnuts and fresh
coriander goes very well with it
you